For this assignment I did not use any explicit AI/LLM agents or tools. Instead I used Google search to guide me when I had some questions. In some cases the Google AI Overview automatically presented itself at the top of the search results for my question. I tried to record all instances where I used the Google AI results below:

Search: "should the environment.yml file include the env name in the file name"
Result: "No, the environment.yml file itself does not need to include the environment name in its filename. By convention, the file is typically named environment.yml regardless of the environment it defines.
The environment's name is specified within the environment.yml file using the name key, as in:
name: my_env_name
channels:
  - conda-forge
dependencies:
  - python=3.9
  - pandas
When creating the environment using conda env create -f environment.yml, Conda reads this name key from the file to determine the environment's name"

SearcH: "should I use the python version from the binder environment.yml of the notebook metadata?"
Result: "It is highly recommended to use the Python version specified in the environment.yml file when working with a Binder environment. This file defines the exact dependencies and versions required for the project, ensuring a consistent and reproducible environment."

Search: "do i need to include codespell for reproduction"
Result: "Generally, you do not need to include codespell for reproduction, as it is a development tool used for code quality rather than a runtime dependency of your application. Its purpose is to find and fix common spelling mistakes in source code, documentation, and commit messages."

Search: "how to delete a conda environment"
Result: "To delete a Conda environment, follow these steps:
Deactivate the environment (if active): If the environment you wish to delete is currently active, you must deactivate it first.
    conda deactivate
Remove the environment: Use the conda env remove command, specifying the environment's name. The --all flag ensures that all packages within the environment are also removed.
    conda env remove --name <environment_name> --all
Replace <environment_name> with the actual name of the environment you want to delete.
Confirm removal: Conda will prompt you to confirm the removal of the environment and its associated packages. Type y or yes and press Enter to proceed."